Hey guys welcome back.
So I'm going to do now is make a start on this album artwork Square.
It's going to be in the bottom left corner.
So if I go back through this tab you see what's gone look like.
So look something like this.
This is fairly simple.
Go back to our index of the HP page and we're going to be working in this now playing left div now game.
So go to and now playing left live inside of that a new div.
And it's going to have that class of content which we've already made the style for.
So content you see here this clash here is if I show you right here you see content.
Is this one.
See the blue square like that.
And you can see here we've given it a whipped 100 per cent against this content div. detects a wit of
100 per.
So.
So add that to the Now Playing left.
And inside of that we're just going to put our spam element by that.
So Chris spann and the class for this is going to be album link like that album link.
And last thing is you stick an image in here.
So I only pressed tab.
There's the image tag and the siac for source is going to be the link to the image.
Obviously we don't have any images yet and we can't link it to some because you don't actually have
any songs in our DirecTV yet.
So all we do is just go and find as a filler image for now buy what we want to be a square as rock as
album album.
Our work here uses a square.
So go back to here and take any of them.
I'll take this one right here.
He's going to his image so I copy and paste the URL for that image case to find any image because it's
not really important because this is just a filler image so we can see what we're actually doing.
And pasero own there and save that and you'll see hopefully an image.
Obviously the stylings may be wrong the moment so that's fine.
The fact that we're seeing something is good although it doesn't look very good right now.
So in.
So waistcoat has more style to this now to make this look better.
So go down to where we have our image shot.
I just inspect on that and then find this image piira Yes you go to the image we just added and then
put height.
One hundred percent like that's high 100 percent and already looks a lot better than a max width of
fifty seven pixels so this means that memory size is page as you said 100 percent right.
It will take a huge percent of however much this container is which will give you a max width of 57
because all of me won't ever get wider than fifty seven pixels.
We have this a margin on the right now.
So margin right.
And I still say 15 pixels go down and you see four hover over let's see the orange bar next to it is
here the orange right that's the margin.
So we've added a little margin because when we have our text we want a gap between the text in the image.
So this this margin just creates of space between the text or where the text is going to go and the
image.
And then we just want to say float left because this will mean the text will flow alongside it.
So copy and paste all that go back to see is our style sheet and then go to the barn and just Purt.
Now Playing.
Left and then what do we call the class of this image mujhe.
Oh we don't actually give you a class yet so don't give this a class.
So on the image tag just add the class album art work.
Okay.
So and the class alamar work worked the image.
Right.
And then in here just to drop the album art work like that.
So we have now played left our Walmart work and then paste that carried that we just did in there right
now when our refreshes page you should still see the sanco.
Something else we can put in there.
He's more like Carrie.
Let's try.
But ground size and then cover.
And what does background size cover does.
It's going to scale the image to be the largest size it can.
As long as all of their space is covered so we have this square for our image.
If we for example of loading an image for this artwork which is not square is a rectangle and it wouldn't
fit in here rather than having just a rectangle shape.
It would resize the image so it fills all of the available space.
So that just makes sure that the whole space limage is covered.
Okay so just stick around there.
And then of course copying pace out back in the code right here.
And I think it's one more thing I'm just saying it doesn't look quite the right height then go to the
content div..
And I think this actually needs a high it should be.
I think it was 57 pixels we decided yeah this content did not age the height of the container.
Okay so we're at this height fifty seven pixels to this now playing bar content bar a financial playing
by a content so here and paste in there that's over and we're done.
So there's there our bomar work.